fix: Update GroundWork SDK and improve logging (#10255)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/groundwork/README.md

## List of tags used by the plugin

* service  - to define the name of the service you want to monitor.
* status   - to define the status of the service. Supported statuses: "SERVICE_OK", "SERVICE_WARNING", "SERVICE_UNSCHEDULED_CRITICAL", "SERVICE_PENDING", "SERVICE_SCHEDULED_CRITICAL", "SERVICE_UNKNOWN".
* message  - to provide any message you want.
* unitType - to use in monitoring contexts(subset of The Unified Code for Units of Measure standard). Supported types: "1", "%cpu", "KB", "GB", "MB".
* warning  - to define warning threshold value.
* critical - to define critical threshold value.

## NOTE

> The current version of Groundworks does not support metrics whose values are strings. Such metrics will be skipped and will not be added to the final payload. You can find more context in this pull request: [#10255]( https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/10255)

Reviewer: The name of the product is GroundWork Monitor, see https://www.gwos.com/product/groundwork-monitor/
```suggestion
The current version of GroundWork Monitor does not support metrics whose values are strings. Such metrics will be skipped and will not be added to the final payload. You can find more context in this pull request: [#10255]( https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/10255)
```

Author: Fixed

* service  - to define the name of the service you want to monitor.
* status   - to define the status of the service.

>    * Valid Values are:
>    * Ok = "SERVICE_OK"
>    * Unscheduled Warning = "SERVICE_UNSCHEDULED_WARNING"
>    * Unscheduled Critical = "SERVICE_UNSCHEDULED_CRITICAL"
>    * Pending = "SERVICE_PENDING"
>    * Scheduled Critical = "SERVICE_SCHEDULED_CRITICAL"
>    * Unknown = "SERVICE_UNKNOWN"

Reviewer 2: Linter is complaining about `Unordered list indentation [Expected: 2; Actual: 3]`

```suggestion
  * Valid Values are:
  * Ok = "SERVICE_OK"
  * Unscheduled Warning = "SERVICE_UNSCHEDULED_WARNING"
  * Unscheduled Critical = "SERVICE_UNSCHEDULED_CRITICAL"
  * Pending = "SERVICE_PENDING"
  * Scheduled Critical = "SERVICE_SCHEDULED_CRITICAL"
  * Unknown = "SERVICE_UNKNOWN"
```

* unitType - to use in monitoring contexts(subset of The Unified Code for Units of Measure standard). Supported types: "1", "%cpu", "KB", "GB", "MB".
* warning  - to define warning threshold value.
* critical - to define critical threshold value.

## NOTE

> The current version of the plugin does not support metrics whose values are strings. Such metrics will be skipped and will not be added to the final payload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The current version of Groundworks does not support metrics whose values are strings. Such metrics will be skipped and will not be added to the final payload. You can find more context in this pull request: [#10255]( https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/pull/10255)
```

Reviewer 2: nitpick, but in case a future user stumbles on this then they will know to look at Groundworks for this feature.

Reviewer 3: done
